We've now got some code inside of here to actually create a charge and build a user's credit card.
So they're not going to try to test this out manually before we test out manually.
However, I want you to understand something about the Stripe API.
Right now, if I go back over to my Stripe dashboard, here it is right here.
I'm currently operating my stripe account in what is called test mode.
So if you look at the very bottom left hand side, you're going to see something down here that says
viewing test data and you'll see that little toggle around several different locations.
While your account is in test mode, you are not actually working with any real money whatsoever.
And so we can try to make API requests.
We can pretend that we are building a user's credit card, but in the end, no money is moving around
whatsoever.
It's only once we decide that we want to take our application public, deploy it, that we will want
to toggle off test mode, which is a little bit of an involved process.
It involves verifying a banking account.
A couple of other steps, which is something we're not going to go through because it really starts
to get into kind of the money side of things.
So how are we going to actually test this out while our Stripe account is in the test mode?
Well, at a very practical level, what we really need to do here is first, create a ticket.
We then have to create an order and then we have to try to make a request to this payment's endpoint.
But how are we going to make a request to this payment standpoint without a token?
Well, once again, our account is in test mode right now.
Our stripe account is in test mode while our account is in test mode.
There is a very special token that we can provide that will always succeed with the Stripe API.
In other words, there's kind of like a secret escape hatch of sorts or a little shortcut, a very specific
token that we can provide that is always going to lead to a successful charge.
And that is how we can test and make sure that our code here can successfully build a credit card.
I'll show you exactly what that token is in a moment.
First, let's kind of do a little bit of setup.
We're going to create a ticket.
We'll create an order and then eventually create a payment.
So over inside of man.
As usual, I will first make sure that I am signed in.
Yep.
Looks like I am.
I'm then going to create a new ticket.
The post request to API tickets.
I'll send that off.
There's my ID.
I'm going to copy the ID.
I'll then create an order for this ticket.
So a post request to API orders will enter in my ticket id right there.
Send that off.
And here is my new order.
I'm going to take that ID and do keep in mind that we now have a 62nd window to actually purchase this
order.
So we do have to kind of write out some code here rather quickly.
Chances are we'll go over that 62nd timer.
No problem.
We can just go through the process of creating another ticket and in order.
So I can open up a new tab.
I'm going to make a post request to HTTPS ticketing.
Dot dev slash API slash payments.
Under headers, I'll enter in content type of application JSON.
Her body all enter raw.
I'll make sure Jason is selected on the right.
And then remember, we are required to provide.
An order ID and that token.
Before the order.
I'd.
I'll paste in the order ID that I just copied a moment ago from our previous request to create the order.
And then for the token.
Normally this token value would come from the Stripe library running inside of our browser.
So this would be something that's going to take the user's actual credit card and give us back a token.
But in this case, we have not done anything around the browser just yet.
So this is where that little shortcut comes into play.
We're going to enter into a very special token here that is always going to work 100% of the time or
stripe accounts that are in the test mode.
And this very special little token is.
T okay.
Underscore Visa.
So again, this is always going to work.
We can build it for just about whatever money we can imagine, and the request should always succeed.
All right, so now we should be able to send this request off.
And chances are it's been over 60 seconds.
So I suspect that our order has probably expired by this point in time.
We could send the request anyways and see what happens.
And as a matter of fact, yep, it looks like my order has been canceled because I have left that timeout
window at 60 seconds right now.
So I do have to very quickly go through the process once again of creating a ticket and then order and
then I'll update the order ID.
So I'm going to make another ticket.
There's my ID.
I'll then make another order.
I'll take the order ID.
And then provide that to the payments API.
So I'll now send this off.
And I get back success.
True.
Which in theory means that we have now successfully charged some amount of money via Stripe.
So that means that this call right here worked, as expected, to actually verify that it worked as
expected.
We should be able to go over to our stripe dashboard and take a look at all the different charges we
have created over time.
So back on the stripe dashboard on the left hand side, I'll go to payments, and I should see a payment
right there for $15.
Yep.
So that's the payment that I just created 2 seconds ago.
That definitely means that we are able to create a charge and build some money to our users.
Well, I'd say this looks pretty good.
We've now verified that this works correctly.
Let's also make sure that it works incorrectly as well.
So let's try providing a different token and just seeing what happens.
I will once again create a ticket very quickly.
I will create an order out of that ticket.
Here's my order.
And I'll create a payment using that order ID and this time around, rather than using that little fake
always works token I'll put in some gibberish like so.
So if I now send this off, I'll see an air of something went wrong.
And if I go to my terminal window running scaffold, I should see an error being thrown from the stripe
library.
Yep.
Here's the error right here.
Now, if you do not see an error right here, that is totally okay.
However, we will want to make sure that we at least see an error as the message right here.
And the reason I say that you might not see an error at your terminal is just in case you did not put
a console.log into our final version of that error handler middleware that we put together.
Okay.
Well, I'd say this looks pretty good.
We are now able to build some money to a user and we've gone through it with some manual testing, but
we should probably try to add in some kind of automated test as well.
Let's take a look and figure out how we could do that in just a moment.